1. Cut down trees, mine rocks, catch fish and kill things to beat 'zones' in regions
2. Zones generate resources - based on type (Mon=Leather,Rock=Stone,Trees=Wood)
3. Can sell resources or build things on home map
4. First map you capture can become your home map
5. Can sell maps based on value over potential lifetime if all regions are yours
6. Maps have lifetimes
7. Add support for custom shops
8. Screen to track which regions you own
	- Different colors based on the percentage of regions on the map that are yours
9. Maps dont expire when a region has been captured
10. Home map is expandable
11. Shops in each zone
	a. Sell resources
	b. Special items
		I. Expand region time
		II. Purchase zone
		III. Zone multipliers (For each resource type)
		IV. 
12. Regions have densities
	a. Desolate
	b. Sparse
	c. Average
	d. Abundant
	e. Rich
13. Higher qualities have better resources
14. Regions have qualities
	a. Common
	b. Uncommon
	c. Rare
	d. Epic
	e. Legendary
15. Make player follow path after it'b been given from pathfinder
17. Must capture all regions on a map to own the map
18. Can upgrade resources to better types
19. Add depth to land and populate dark green grass with trees
20. Add a quest menu and npcs in your home map that give quests
21. Add FPS Counter
22. Add plants in game that give herbs
23. Gathering zones that have herb plants can be used to plant new plants when they're beaten and will generate herbs based on the seeds given
24. Zones with trees can be used to plant trees
25. Add experience system
26. Implement Farming, Fishing, Fletching and Woodcutting
27. Implement combat system
28. Implement Npc random walking with top level npcs
29. Add a box for player notifications
	a. Fade after a few seconds
	b. move to top or bottom depending on player location
	c. Use for chatting with npcs too
30. Add banking
31. Add fish npcs
32. Fish do not count towards region capturing
	a. Make fishing profitable because it's not required to capture the map
33. Create skilling panel in pause interface
34. Draw fps in options panel
35. Implement scroll wheel zoom that zooms in 1 tile per tick
37. Implement Bots which act like other players
38. Draw inventory next to shop when shopping